HONGKONG LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.
  
25TH NOVEMBER, 1895.


PRESENT:-
     
  His EXCELLENCY the Governor, Sir WILLIAM ROBINSON, K.C.M.G.
  Hon. J. H. STEWART-LOCKHART, Colonial Secretary.
  Hon. W. M. GOODMAN, Attorney-General.
  Hon. A. M. THOMPSON, Acting Colonial Treasurer.
  Hon. F. A. COOPER, Director of Public Works.
  Hon. COMMANDER W. C. H. HASTINGS, Acting Harbour Master.
  Hon. A. K. TRAVERS, Postmaster-General.
  Hon. C. P. CHATER.
  Hon. HO KAI.
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD.
  Hon. E. R. BELILIOS, C.M.G.
  Hon. A. MCCONACHIE.
  Mr. J. G. T. BUCKLE, Acting Clerk of Councils.
     
MINUTES.
     
  The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed.
     
NEW MEMBER.
     
  His EXCELLENCY-I have to inform you that I have appointed Mr. McConachie as acting member of the Council during the absence of Mr. Bell-Irving.
     
  Hon. A. McCONACHIE then took the oath and his seat.
     
PAPERS.
     
  The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid upon the table a report showing the work done in connection with the bubonic plague, and also a statement of the expenditure.
     
FINANCIAL MINUTES.
     
  Financial minutes Nos. 14 to 31 were referred to the Finance Committee.
     
SANITARY BY-LAWS.
     
  The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved that by-laws made by the Sanitary Board for the compulsory reporting of communicable diseases be approved.
     
  The DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS seconded. Carried.
     

LOCAL GOVERNMENT REFORM.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD gave notice of the following question:-Will the Government lay upon the table a copy of the correspondence which has passed between the Government, including the elaborate despatch of the honourable the Colonial Secretary, and the home officials, and between the latter and the Colonial Government concerning the petition from the ratepayers of Hongkong to the Commons of England praying for reform in the constitution of the local Government, and for the rights and privileges common to the British people in the smallest parish in England or Scotland of settling their local municipal affairs in their own way and to their own mind; as well as copies of all communications on the subject of the appointment of two Unofficial Members to the Executive Council, and two additional Unofficial Members to the Legislative Council?
     
NEW PEAK ROAD.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD gave notice of the following question:-With reference to the numerously signed petition to your Excellency, from Peak residents, house owners, and other ratepayers, praying for the construction, with all reasonable speed, of a new road in lieu of the present steep and unsuitable one-really the original mountain path, widened and improved to meet the requirements of a traffic ever on the increase, and which has outgrown the road's capacities-leading from Victoria Gap, passing on the south of "Treverbyn" and "Stolzenfels," on a comparatively easy gradient, and terminating near the Peak Club or Mount Kellet-will the Government inform the Council whether it is proposed to proceed with this very necessary public work, good road communication being very necessary and earnestly desired by the large resident community; state the probable cost of the road, and if the work is not to be undertaken at present, what are the reasons which delay its being carried out?
  
INTENDED PREMISES FOR THE PO LEUNG KUK.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD gave notice of the following question:- With reference to the Colonial Secretary's letter No. 1187 of 27th June, 1892, to the Registrar-General, forwarding a precis of correspondence re Home for Girls, the following paragraphs appear in the latter- "Five Chinese houses were accordingly erected near St. Stephen's Church in accordance with plans which the Po Leung Kuk Committee had seen, and which, it was understood, they approved....... "The cost of building these houses was $8,000; the land on which they stand was valued at about $12,000. "There seems to have been some misunderstanding with regard to the rents to be derived from the lower floors, the Po Leung Kuk Committee thinking that they were to go towards the maintenance of the Home, while the Government decided that they were to be paid into the Treasury. "When the buildings had been completed the Po Leung Kuk objected to move into them because they considered them unsuitable, etc......." and in the report to the Colonial Secretary dated 1st February, 1892, on a petition from the Po Leung Kuk, the Registrar-General says:- "I understand that it is the intention of the Government to sell the five houses, the top floors of which were intended for a Home. Their value, together with that of the ground on which they stand, has been estimated by the Surveyor-General at $21,000." Will the Government inform the Council whether these houses, erected at the public expense, were built upon inland lot No. 1,129; if so, have they been sold by private contract, the name of the buyer, and at what price? In connection with the sale, if there has been one, will the Government lay upon the table a copy of the correspondence which has passed between the Government and the Colonial Office on the subject?
     
THE LICENSING OF PRIVATE VEHICLES.
     
  The Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD gave notice of the following question:-Will the Government lay upon the table a statement of the number of convictions, the amount of fines imposed and paid, in respect of offences against Ordinance No. 13 of 1895, from the date it came into force until the end of last week, and a copy of the correspondence which has passed between the home authorities and the Colonial Government in connection with the Bill, and also inform the Council whether it has yet received the sanction of the Imperial Government, and if not, state the cause of delay?
     
PLAGUE REWARDS.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD gave notice of the following question:-Will the Government lay upon the table a copy of the reports or letters to the Government from the sub-Committee appointed by the General Committee elected at the public meeting held at the City Hall on 27th September, 1894, to consider and report upon the question of recognition of services rendered during the suppression of the plague last year, and a copy of all the correspondence which has passed between the Government and the home authorities in connection therewith.
     
THE WATER SUPPLY.
     
  Hon C. P. CHATER-Having obtained your Excellency's permission to dispense with the usual notice, I beg to ask (1) What are the reserves of water at the present moment, and will they be sufficient at the present rate of distribution to last to the end of the dry season? (2) In view of the great scarcity of water this year and the consequent inconvenience both to individuals and industrial enterprises, are any steps being taken to increase the supply and prevent a recurrence of a similar scarcity?
     
  His EXCELLENCY-Looking at the importance of each question I am prepared to give an immediate answer. The answer to the first question is that the reserve of water is about 240,000,000 gallons. In answer to the second question I may say that the Government is fully alive to the necessity of securing a supply in addition to that which will be secured by improvements at Tytam, and the Public Works Department has already taken steps and is making progress with the necessary surveys and also with the large calculations of cost. (Applause).
     
THE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH.
     
  His Excellency read his opening speech, which was as follows:-
     
  Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, I have much pleasure in meeting you again for the transaction of public business. The programme that I have to present to you is a somewhat lengthy one. The most pressing item in it is, of course, the Appropriation Bill for 1896. From the Draft Estimates, which I now lay on the table and which were circulated more than a fortnight ago, together with the explanatory memoranda, you will perceive that the revenue for 1896 is estimated at $2,288,366. This estimate has been prepared with due caution; and I believe that it will be realised.
     
  The total estimated expenditure, on the other hand, amounts to $2,479,062, of which $197,200 is for Public Works Extraordinary and chargeable to the Loan. After deducting this sum there remains a total estimated expenditure chargeable to current revenue of $2,281,862, or an estimated surplus of revenue over expenditure of $6,504.
     
  The chief increases on the expenditure side, as compared with the Estimates for 1895, appear under the following heads:-
  

1.    Public Works Extraordinary chargeable to revenue     
         $90,130


2.    Public Works, Recurrent     
         15,200


3.    Public Debt     
         16,843


4.    Military Expenditure     
         44,215


5.    Sanitary Department     
         12,206


6.    Medical Departments     
         5,921
     
The first item includes $30,000 towards the Taipingshan Improvement Scheme, $15,000 for Public Latrines, $17,000 for a new Isolation Hospital, a very urgent requirement, $10,000 towards the extension of the Public Recreation Ground at Happy Valley, and certain sums for the construction and extension of roads at Kowloon. The increase under the second head is partly on account of sewerage works, the extension of the system involving an additional cost for upkeep, and partly for maintenance of waterworks at Kowloon chargeable to Water Account.
     
  The increase on account of Public Debt is due to the contribution to the New Sinking Fund, which commences in October next.
     
  As regards the Military Expenditure the annual contribution has been calculated at 17 per cent. of the estimated revenue for 1896, exclusive of premia on Land Sales. There is also provided a sum of $40,000 for "Barrack Services" during the year. I am in possession of the views of the Unofficial Members on this subject, and they are receiving the attention of the Imperial Government. As the matter is still sub judice, I would ask you, gentlemen, to vote the sum provided in the Estimates subject to such further representatious as you may hereafter have to make, and to such modifications as may hereafter be approved.
     
  The large increase in the cost of the Sanitary Department appears alarming at first sight, but admits of easy explanation. It is on account of the additional staff required for the New Central Market and Sheep and Pig depÙts as well as for the cost of lighting the former ($7,000), for which no provision was made in the Estimates of 1895. Against this increase must be set the additional revenue derived from the new market and depÙts. The increase in the Medical Department is accounted for by the appointment of a Medical Officer of Health, who is borne on the medical establishment.
     
  As a compensation for this additional expenditure various economies have been effected in other directions, notably in the Colonial Secretary's Office, the Registrar-General's Department, the Magistracy, the Police, the Fire Brigade, and under Miscellaneous Services. Numerous offices have still to be dealt with on the lines recommended by the Retrenchment Committee.
     
  In addition to the reduction of establishments, which has already been effected, the salaries of the Treasury staff have been re-adjusted in such a manner as to secure a saving of $2,246. Reductions have also been made in the Post Office, Stamp Office, and the Supreme Court Office.
     
  From this statement you will gather that no favourable opportunity for effecting retrenchment has been lost, and you may rely on me to curtail expenditure, so far as is practicable, as occasion offers in the future.
     
  And now, gentlemen, having dealt with the Appropriation Bill for 1896, I have to ask you to vote the sum required to defray the Charges of the coming year. If there are any items in regard to which further information is desired, it will be forthcoming in Finance Committee or when the Council is in Committee on the Bill.
     
  I will now make a few general remarks on the condition of the colony. When I addressed you on a similar occasion last year, it was my painful duty to refer to a dismal succession of reverses and misfortunes. We were then only just recovering from the shock of a great disaster, and were but beginning to recognize the absolute necessity of a large measure of sanitary reform. To-day I have to announce to you a great improvement in these matters. The resumption of Taipingshan was perhaps one of the largest works ever undertaken by the Government of this colony. Thanks to the efficiency and tact of the Board of Arbitrators all claims arising under that head have been amicably and speedily settled, the Crown has entered into possession, and the "Improvement Scheme," approved by this Council and by the Secretary of State, is being carried into effect. As I anticipated, the cost of resumption has amounted to $821,000 Of this sum $386,000 has been defrayed from balances in hand, and the remainder has been borrowed from Loan and other Government monies in the custody of the Crown Agents, interest being paid at the same rate as the money would earn by temporary investments at home. This course has been considered more economical than, and therefore preferable to, raising a further loan or to an overdraft on the local Banks, supposing such an arrangement to have been practicable.
     
  As regards the liquidation of the outstanding balance of $435,000 on Taipingshan account, I am glad to state that the receipts up to date are exceedingly satisfactory. The revenue for 1895 will be about $2,363,000 and the expenditure about $2,143,000, so that I have reason to expect a surplus of revenue over expenditure at the end of the present year of some $220,000. If this forecast is correct, there will be a pro tanto reduction of our indebtedness, and the year 1896 should begin with a debit balance on this account of $215,000 only.
     
  In consequence of the improvement of Taipingshan a large area of land will probably be ready for sale in the course of next year, and with an expanding revenue it is to be hoped that the debit balance will disappear at the end of 1896. Then, again, 1897 should witness extensive land sales in Taipingshan, and when the account is finally closed, the result will, in

all probability, be more than gratifying. As regards the expenditure on this work, the total cost of which is estimated at $83,000, a sum of $30,000 has been provided in the estimates for 1896, and you will be asked to vote the balance when the supply bill for 1897 comes before you. I have now, gentlemen, put briefly before you the financial position of the colony, and having regard to all the circumstances you will doubtless agree with me in thinking that the state of affairs is both satisfactory and hopeful.
   
  In addition to the resumption of Taipingshan other active measures for improving the sanitation of the colony have been undertaken.
   
  The provisions of The Public Health Ordinance, 1887, and of Ordinance No. 4 of 1895 have been strictly and steadily enforced, and upwards of 400 common lodging-houses have been licensed. It would thus appear that the evil of overcrowding has at length, to some extent, been successfully checked.
   
  The enforcement of Ordinance No. 15 of 1894, which gave this Council no little trouble, has been accompanied by a marked amelioration of the sanitary condition of private premises throughout the colony. Accumulations of filth and rubbish, illegal cocklofts, mezzanine floors, and back-yard obstructions have been removed, and the ground surface of upwards of 700 tenements have been concreted.
   
  A special inspection of the drainage of private premises was made in the early part of the year and revealed a most insanitary state of affairs as regards the old drains, whereas the drainage of those premises in which the new system has been introduced was found to be in excellent condition. The re-draining of private premises progresses, upwards of 2,150 houses having been already drained; and with a view to the early completion of this work arrangements have been made by which drainage connections can be carried out by the Public Works Department. Owners should readily avail themselves of this facility.
   
  The work of raising the dam at the Tytam resorvoir has advanced, and there is now storage capacity for an additional 40 million gallons of water. Unfortunately the small rainfall up to date has not admitted of this additional quantity being stored. The long and unprecedented drought has been a source of much anxiety to the Government. The rainfall up to the 30th September last was some 38 inches below the average, and some 15 inches below the minimum yet recorded. As a natural result the dry season commences with a water supply of 242,000,000 gallons instead of the usual quantity of 378,000,000 gallons. It has therefore already been necessary to curtail the supply to the city of Victoria by some 1,400,000 gallons daily. By this economy and by close supervision over the consumption of water generally, it is believed there will be a sufficient supply for ordinary wants until the rainy season comes round again. The new waterworks at Kowloon are sufficiently advanced to admit of water being supplied from public fountains to the most populous parts of the district, and a continuous supply is being maintained. When the pumping machinery is erected, the supply will be extended to the higher levels, but at present there is not enough pressure of water to reach them.
   
  The mortality statistics show that the health of the colony is good, and the present year promises to be the healthiest on record, notwith-standing the somewhat alarming prevalence of malarial fever, which is no doubt due to the exceptional drought.
   
  Profiting by last year's experience, and looking to the prevalence of the plague in the neighbourhood of the colony during the early part of 1895, I appointed a Committee of officials to consider what exceptional measures should be taken to protect the colony against the reappearance of the disease, or, in the event of its reappearing, to limit its ravages as far as possible. Temporary hospital accommodation and burial grounds were at their suggestion provided, and arrangements made for the removal of patients, the isolation of those who had been in immediate contact with the disease, and the disinfection and cleansing of infected premises. It was further deemed advisable to prohibit Chinese immigration from certain infected neighbouring ports for several months during the year, but this restriction was not continued longer than was absolutely necessary. The precautions taken against the recurrence of the plague and the timely arrangements made for dealing with it have been efficacious. I am glad to inform you that only 29 cases have occurred during the year, and that at no time was an epidemic threatened.
   
  In accordance with the recommendation of a Committee of enquiry into the Medical department, a Medical Officer of Health has recently been appointed. I regret to state that there has been some misunderstanding between the Government and the unofficial members of the Sanitary Board in regard to this appointment, and it may not be out of place here to explain briefly the position of the Government in this matter. In my address to this Council on the 28th November last, I expressed my own views, which coincided with those of the Retrenchment Committee, regarding the Sanitary Board as hitherto constituted. I deprecated the division of responsibility which such a constitution involved, and I urged the desirability of placing the sanitary system on a different basis. Some opposition has been offered to my views in certain quarters, and it is not improbable that a compromise will eventually be suggested by the Secretary of State, but as yet no decision has been arrived at. In this uncertain state of affairs, I was unwilling to assign any definite position to the newly

appointed Medical Officer as the subordinate of a Body which might at any time cease to exist.
     
  I accordingly adopted the modus vivendi which was offered to me by the suggestion of the Medical Committee and which afforded the Government an opportunity of weighing the further recommendations of the Committee in regard to the reconstitution of the medical staff, on which the future position of the Medical Officer of Health must, to a great extent, depend. I should not have thought it necessary to make this explanation were it not for certain insinuations which have been made as to the motives of the Government. There are those who have pretended to see in the action of the Government an attempt to deal a deathblow to the Sanitary Board. I disclaim any such motive; and even had such been my object, I should at least have adopted measures better calculated to effect it-measures which would have left no doubt whatever as to my intentions.
     
  As a matter of fact, however, the responsibility of deciding this vexed question does not rest with me. Having expressed my views, my duty ends, and I can only hope that whatever conclusion may be arrived at, it will effectually secure the sanitary well-being of this community, which after all is our common object.
     
  Turning to other matters of general interest, the shipping returns up to the 30th September last are more than encouraging.
     
  For the first nine months of this year, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, British shipping shows an increase of 378 vessels, aggregating 575,306 tons.
     
  Foreign shipping, with a numerical decrease of 75 ships, also shows an increase in tonnage of 11,887 tons. European vessels have handled and carried some 276,000 tons of cargo more than last year.
     
  There is likewise an increase in the foreign and local junk trades of 178,747 tons and 79,263 tons respectively.
     
  The total increase over last year in the number of ships entered and cleared at this port is no less than 5,551 vessels, aggregating 845,203 tons-a distinct improvement even on the exceptionally good returns for 1893.
     
  The passenger traffic returns show an increase of 25,186 in the number of emigrants, but immigration has fallen off considerably, doubtless on account of the prohibition in force during several months in respect of certain neighbouring ports infected with the plague.
     
  Chinese seamen's boarding-houses have recently been inspected and licensed for the first time, and there are now 67 such houses duly licensed, affording accommodation for 1,120 men.
     
  The criminal statistics are gratifying, and there has been no repetition of the riots which occurred in the early part of last year. The public peace has been efficiently preserved by the Police, and with the exception of the coolie strike, which took place at the latter end of March last in connection with the enforcement of the by-laws for the regulation of common lodging-houses, and the robbery with violence on the 18th and 22nd inst., there is, I rejoice to say, no "Police News" worthy of record.
     
  The firm attitude of the Government during the coolie strike was, however, not maintained without loss and inconvenience to the commercial community, but the circumstances did not admit of concession, and looking to future interests it will, I think, be generally admitted that the success achieved was not too dearly purchased.
     
  The community is indebted to the Naval and Military authorities for their ready assistance in the emergency, and the Police, as usual, did excellent work in keeping order and relieving the situation as far as possible by providing coolies and cargo boats for the several firms.
     
  With regard to education, it appears that the attendance at the several schools, which fell off last year, has now recovered its normal proportions. Including Queen's College, there are now 16 Government schools and 105 Grant-in-Aid schools (of which latter 10 have been opened during the year), in addition to numerous Chinese "Kaifong" schools.
     
  It has often struck me as extraordinary-not to say discreditable-that, after 55 years of British rule, the vast majority of Chinese in Hongkong should remain so little "Anglicised." I have thus been led to enquire more thoroughly than I have hitherto done into the system of education adopted in the local schools, and I am of opinion that too much attention has hitherto been paid to purely Chinese subjects. With a view therefore of promoting a more general knowledge of English amongst the Chinese the Government proposes in future to subsidise only those schools in which special attention is paid to the teaching of the English language and modern subjects It is hoped that this will tend to educate the rising generation of Chinese to more enlightened views and ideas, and to dispel the ignorance and blind superstition which have proved and still are proving such a stumbling block to the promotion of their moral and physical well-being.
     
  The silver question remains as much a problem as ever. I had hoped that before this the evils of a depreciated dollar would have been compensated for in some degree by an influx of English capital into the colony, but the stability of exchange appears to be beyond all control, and so long as that is the case English capitalists will probably prefer to assist the apparently failing industries of Lancashire rather than run any risk in industrial ventures abroad. I notice, however, that in Shanghai capital is being readily subscribed for the

establishment of cotton mills and other industries, and I could wish to see a similar spirit of enterprise abroad in this colony. With its unceasing water supply the "model settlement" has advantages in this respect which are denied to Hongkong; but there is no reason why local difficulties should not be faced and ultimately overcome, or why this valuable entrepˆt of Eastern commerce should not also become ere long a great industrial centre.
     
  Past and passing political events in the Far East are of special importance to Hongkong. The peace of Shimonoseki, which brought the hostilities between Japan and China to a close in May last, has not been unproductive of disappointment, nor is the political horizon yet quite as clear as could be wished. It is to be hoped, however, that the great Eastern problem will work out peacefully and beneficially. In the meantime we may rest assured that the interests of Great Britain and her possessions will be safely guarded and judiciously forwarded by Her Majesty's Government as opportunity offers, and in this connection I would incidentally remark that whilst for a time at least local interests may necessarily be postponed in favour of purely Imperial interests, I have every reason to believe that the questions most particularly affecting this colony have by no means been lost sight of.
     
  In conclusion, gentlemen, I thank you for the patient hearing which you have accorded to me. The period which I have reviewed has been one of activity in sanitary reform and improvement in many other directions. I have looked in vain for the symptoms peculiar to a people "writhing under injustice" and "taxed up to the limit of endurance," and I have discovered only that happy condition of progress and prosperity which usually obtains in a well-ordered community. To the maintenance of that progress and prosperity, to financial economy, to sanitary improvements, and to the furtherance, generally, of the best interests of this community, I shall faithfully continue to devote myself. With your ready and loyal cooperation, gentlemen, I can safely look forward to some additional measure of success during the term of government that still remains to me.
     
  Hon. C. P. CHATER-Sir, I feel sure I am only echoing the feelings of my colleagues when I say that we have listened with the greatest interest to the very lucid and exhaustive statement just delivered by your Excellency. This is hardly the occasion on which to raise points of debate, but I can assure your Excellency that the questions brought forward by you will receive our most careful and serious consideration. One thing I can say now, and that is that our financial position appear to be most satisfactory, a proof I trust that our prosperity is based on a solid foundation.
     
STANDING COMMITTEES.
     
  His EXCELLENCY-In accordance with the standing orders I have appointed the following Committees:-
     
  Finance Committee-The Colonial Secretary, Chairman; all the Members of Council, except the Governor.
     
  Law Committee-The Attorney-General, Chairman; the Registrar-General, Hon. J. J. Bell-Irving, Hon. Ho Kai, Hon. E. R. Belilios.
     
  Public Works Committee-The Director of Public Works, Chairman; the Colonial Treasurer, Hon. C. P. Chater, Hon. E. R. Belilios, Hon. T. H. Whitehead.
     
FIRST READING OF BILLS.
     
  The following Bills were read the first time:-
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to apply a sum not exceeding two millions four hundred and seventy-nine thousand and sixty-two dollars to the Public Service of the year 1896.
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to amend the Widows and Orphans' Pensions Ordinances of 1890 and 1891 (No. 30 of 1890 and 18 of 1891).
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to further amend the Police Force Consolidation Ordinance, No. 14 of 1887.
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to authorize in certain cases judicial investigations into the causes of fire.
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to provide for the recognition in the colony of probates and letters of administration granted in British possessions.
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to further amend "The Bankruptcy Ordinance, 1891."
     
  A Bill entitled an Ordinance to further amend "The Cattle Diseases, Slaughter-Houses, and Markets Ordinance, 1887."
     
ADJOURNMENT.
     
  His EXCELLENCY-The Council now stands adjourned until Thursday week, the 5th December.
     
----

FINANCE COMMITTEE.
     
  A meeting of the Finance Committee was then held. The COLONIAL SECRETARY presided.
     
MINUTES.
     
  The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed.
     
ADOPTION OF FINANCIAL MINUTES.
     
  The following votes which were recommended by the Governor were approved.
     
  No. 14.-A sum of $2,400 in aid of the vote for Incidental Expenses in the Sanitary Department. The above sum is the estimated expenditure on the work of the general inspection of house drains in the colony, which is being defrayed from the above vote.
     
  No. 15.-A sum of $10,000 in aid of the vote "Repairs of Buildings."
     
  No. 16.-A sum of $1,500 in aid of the vote for "Maintenance of Sewers" (Public Works Annually Recurrent). Note-Increased cost of

maintenance due to additions to the sewerage system, which is nearing completion.
     
  No. 17.-A sum of $3,000 in aid of the vote for "Miscellaneous Works," being approximately the cost of re-building the retaining wall, Seymour Road, which has been charged thereto.
     
  No. 18.-A sum of $4,460.50, for repairs, &c., to the Hospital hulk Hygeia, being difference between the amount spent ($5,260.50) and the amount voted in the estimates ($800). Note-Excess due to cost of repairing the extensive damage sustained during a typhoon in October, 1894.
     
  No. 19.-A sum of $680, being salary drawn by Dr. Bell from 8th June to 15th August, 1895, while acting as Assistant Surgeon in the Government Civil Hospital during Dr. Atkinson's absence on sick leave.
     
  No. 20.-A sum of $4,600 to meet the following expenses in the Police Department:-For passages and bonuses, $3,000. For incidental expenses, $1,600.
     
  No. 21.-A sum of $5,000 for carrying out certain works in connection with the Taipingshan improvement scheme.
     
  No. 22.-A sum of $200 in aid of the vote for "Government Marine Surveyor, Other Charges, coal, oil, and water for steam-launch." Note.-Excess in expenditure due to a rise (of some 33 per cent.) in the price of coal since the estimates were completed.
     
  No. 23.-A sum of $2,500, for "Maintenance of Waterworks." The above expenditure has been necessitated by the failure of the hydraulic machinery on account of the prolonged drought, and the enforced use of steam power for pumping water to the Hill District. It is chargeable against Water Account.
     
  No. 24.-A sum of $12,000 in connection with Water and Drainage Works at Kowloon. Note,-It has been deemed advisable to take advantage of the recent favourable weather and to proceed with these works as quickly as possible. The projects have been approved by the Public Works' Committee, and the cost is chargeable against the Loan.
     
  No. 25.-A sum of $1,020 to meet the following expenses in the Sanitary Department:-(1) Uniform for Staff, $520; (2) Cost of Street Watering, $400; (3) Market Incidental Expenses, $100. Note-(1) Excess over estimated expenditure due to increase of staff in connection with the opening of the Central Market and Sheep and Swine depÙts. (2) Excess due to prolonged drought. (3) Excess due to the opening of the New Central Market and Sheep and Swine depÙts, which necessitated the purchase of a number of small articles for the sanitary maintenance of those establishments.
     
  No. 26.-A sum of $217, being travelling allowances to certain Inspectors of Nuisances and Overseers of the Sanitary Department for the Sanitary Department for the current year.
     
  No. 27.-A sum of $5,000, to cover the cost of lighting the New Central Market during the current year.
     
  No. 28.-A sum of $29,000, for expenses incurred in connection with preventive measures against a recurrence of the plague.
     
  No. 29.-A sum of $1,580 to cover the salary and allowances of the newly appointed Medical Officer of Health from 2nd August to 31st December, 1895.
     
  No. 30.-A sum of $650, in aid of the vote "Harbour Department, Steam Launches, Other Charges, coals, repairs, etc." Note-The above sum is required owing to the increased price of coal this year (33 per cent.)
     
  No. 31.-A sum of $3,500 in connection with the construction of a road in Kowloon to be called Salisbury Road. Note.-The construction of this road is binding on the Government, and as buildings are about to be erected in the neighbourhood, it has been considered advisable to begin blasting operations before their erection.
     
  In reference to minute No. 15,
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD asked, Which buildings?
     
  The CHAIRMAN-Government buildings.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD-More particularly which buildings?
     
  The DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS-Government House, Queen's College, and the Hospital, more particularly.
     
  Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD-Not the Supreme Court?
     
  The DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS-There is nothing very exceptional the matter with the Supreme Court.
     
  On moving minute No. 17 the CHAIRMAN said that there was a hope that the $3,000 would be ultimately recovered from the owner of the property.
     
  In answer to Hon. E. R. BELILIOS the DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS said that the cost of the scheme mentioned in minute No. 21 would not exceed $5,000.
     
  Hon. HO KAI-Has any part of the money been spent?
     
  The DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS-Something like $20 has been spent up to date. The contract has been entered into and the Government does not think it would be wise to postpone the carrying out of the scheme, which has been approved by the Council.
     
  On minute No. 28 being proposed, Hon. T. H. WHITEHEAD asked-Has the money been expended already?
     
  The CHAIRMAN-Certainly; we could not wait until now to spend the money; it was necessary to take measures at once.
     
ADJOURNMENT.
     
  The Committee then adjourned until Thursday, 5th December.
1


(  2  )



